## restful_json 5.0.0 ##

* Assumes Rails 4+.
* Simplification of configuration, usage, and implementation.
* CanCan/authR support now via `RestfulJson::Authorizing`.
* Removed direct support for permitters. The controller can define `params_for_*` methods or use `before_action`.
* Removed direct support for active_model_serializers. The controller can define serializer(s) in `valid_render_options`.
* Removed exception handlers so can use default Rack exception handling or `rescue_from`.
* Authorization support handled via separate module using `before_action`.
* Added action-specific validation error handling methods.
* Added can_order_by.
* Renamed order_by -> default_order_by to clarify intent.
* Removed with_default on can_filter_by and replaced with method default_filter_by, because it is unlikely the same default value would be used with multiple predicates.
* Added valid_render_options which is similar to v4 behavior, but much cleaner.
* Split into more methods with intuitive naming/behavior.
* Added a few built-in concerns that are practical for extension that also act as examples for others to extend it.
* Changed query_for so that it now takes hash of action to proc/lambda.
* Removed with_query on can_filter_by and replaced with method can_filter_by_query.
* No longer send @model_class.arel_table (t) into query lambdas.
* Can rename or alias the request parameter names used for functions, so less chance of conflicts now.
* Renamed functions to be relational: uniq -> distinct, skip -> offset, take -> limit.
* Predicate prefix is '.' instead of '!'.

## restful_json 4.5.1 ##

* Changed `render_error` method name to `render_rj_action_error` to avoid Rails conflict.

## restful_json 4.5.0 ##

* Changed config: `rescue_handlers` -> `rj_action_rescue_handlers`, `rescue_class` -> `rj_action_rescue_class` to avoid conflicts with rescue_from.

## restful_json 4.4.0 ##

* Fix for "The method .includes() must contain arguments." Now does not call includes on the relation if empty.
* Added clean_backtrace option to not clean backtraces in error_data if using error_handlers.
* Fixing Strong Parameters support for (model name)_params private method in Ruby 1.9.3/2.0.0.
* If using Strong Parameters, create/update now defaults to looking for (model name)_params method in controller.
 
## restful_json 4.3.1 ##

* Fix for including/includes_for
* No longer building for Rails 3.1.
* Documented workarounds for errors caused by including/includes_for; in some cases, incorrect SQL generated by Rails/AR when mix with joins for same tables.

## restful_json 4.3.0 ##

* Made `serialize_action` callable twice; once for array serializer and once for each serializer, for array actions.
* Added `additional_render_or_respond_success_options` and `default_additional_render_or_respond_success_options` to allow custom logic for determination of serializers for an action.
* Added `model_class_scoped` method to return `@model_class.all` or `@model_class.scoped` to hurdle deprecation.

## restful_json 4.2.0 ##

* Added `includes_for` class method in controller to help avoid n+1 queries via calling `.includes(...)` for a specific action.
* Added apply_includes_to_custom_queries to config.

## restful_json 4.1.0 ##

* Added `including` class method in controller to help avoid n+1 queries via calling includes(...).

## restful_json 4.0.0 ##

* Extracted permitters into separate gem with some changes. See Permitters project.
* Added action_to_permitter, actions_that_authorize, allow_action_specific_params_methods, and actions_that_permit to config.

## restful_json 3.4.2 ##

* Removing rescue_from's from DefaultController that would require additional controller methods if default error handling not used.

## restful_json 3.4.1 ##

* Try to require 'active_record/errors' before referring to `ActiveRecord::RecordNotFound` in gem default config.
* Don't add permitters to autoload path if RestfulJson.use_permitters is false in environment or initializer.
* Railtie that adds deprecated acts_as_restful_json support now being required.
* Added activesupport runtime dependency to gemspec.
* Missing i18n key now defaults to error.message.

## restful_json 3.4.0 ##

* Added rescue_class config option to indicate highest level class to rescue for every action. (nil/NilClass indicates to re-raise StandardError.)
* Added rescue_handlers config option as substitute for having to rescue, log, set status and i18n message key for sets of exceptions.
* Added return_error_data config option to also return the exception's class.name, class.message, and class.backtrace (cleaned) in "error_data" in error response.

## restful_json 3.3.4 ##

* If debug config option true, controller/app will now log debug to Rails logger.
* Fixing bug: will return head: ok with no body on destroy for no errors in formats other than HTML, like it did in versions before restful_json v3.3.0.

## restful_json 3.3.3 ##

* Using `.where(id: params[:id].to_s).first` in show/update/destroy, `.where(id: params[:id].to_s).first!` in edit.
* No more deprecated find(id) in show/edit.

## restful_json 3.3.2 ##

* Removed unnecessary debug logging of permitter class, and now only outputs if can't find when debug on.

## restful_json 3.3.1 ##

* Update and destroy use where instead of find and update 404's for missing record.
* Important fixes to recommendations around use of modules in doc.
* Removed unnecessary debug logging of serializer.

## restful_json 3.3.0 ##

* Added avoid_respond_with config option to always use render instead of respond_with.
* Fixing bug in serialize_action.
* Consolidated controller rendering.
* Better isolated controller and model changes, made model changes for Cancan and Strong Parameters something that needs to be done in configuration.
* Tests for Rails 3.1, 3.2, 4.

## restful_json 3.2.2 ##

* Fixing bug in order_by.
* Working on travis-ci config and appraisals/specs for testing Rails 3.1/3.2/4.0.

## restful_json 3.2.1 ##

* Important change to README that should not use acts_as_restful_json in parent/ancestor class shared by multiple controllers, because it is unsafe.
* Fixing bug in delete related to custom serializer when using AMS.

## restful_json 3.2.0 ##

* Made active_model_serializers, strong_parameters, Permitters, Cancan all optional.
* Added support for strong_parameters without Permitters/Cancan, allowing *_params methods in controller.
* Fixing double rendering bug on create in 3.1.0.

## restful_json 3.1.0 ##

* Added ActiveModel Serializer custom serializer per action(s) support.
* Added JBuilder support.
* Fixing gemspec requirements to not include things it shouldn't.

## restful_json 3.0.1 ##

* Updated order_by, comments.

## restful_json 3.0.0 ##

* Controller with declaratively configured RESTful-ish JSON services, filtering, custom queries, actions, etc. using strong parameters, a.m. serializers, and Adam Hawkins (twinturbo) permitters
